Docs/usage statistics (#1202)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/changelog/changelog.rst

    key in expectation suite json. It is safe to remove.
  - Similarly, datasource configuration must now adhere strictly to the required schema, including having any
    required credentials stored in the "credentials" dictionary.

> * Docs: update Usage Statistics section with info on new anonymized event tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Docs: update Usage Statistics section with info on new anonymous usage data collection```
